Update 3.0.0:  THE BEYOND UPDATE

Its been 6 months since the last update! How time flies. In preparation of the Beyond series of updates this year, I have updated major version number to match. This update contains a few small fixes/updates, and some new features I hope you will like. Most of this feature update has been based on Feedback & Suggestions from you, the users! Thanks for the inspiration!


List of Changes:

NEW: Ship Take-Off Launch Sequence added to Landing Gear Toggle using the CMS Hat Switch Modifier (works in both toggle directions). This will set PIPs (4xSYS, 2xENG), holds Vertical Thrust for 4.0 seconds & retracts Landing Gear. This will work on both planetary surfaces & station launches! (Use at your own risk!)
NEW: Ship Utilities Preference (Combat or Explorer/Trader modes) added. This will change the Short & Long press options for S1 & S2 buttons (Chaff/ECM/Heat Sink/SCB) on the Joystick. Configure under User Preferences. Added keyboard mappings for SRV Turret & ECM (both SHIFT+U) to allow this modification.

IMPROVEMENT: Rewrite of Mic Switch Function. Support added in User Preferences to define Toggle/Hold for external voice software. A secondary external voice software mapping added for streamers (this now gives a total of 3 channels mapped!). This can be accessed by holding down the Pinky Modifier key + Mic (Pinky Modifier doesn't need to be held in PTT scenario). You can also combine both external voice software keys into the Open Mic Toggle to turn on/off together! Internal Mic control changed to toggle from hold in ED bindings to avoid repeating keys when ED is not in focus (should not change default behaviour though). Please let me know if you experience any issues.
IMPROVEMENT: Added EDFX & EDDI to Software Start-up list. (Note: It appears software starting via script no longer work if you are using Win10 - sorry a TM/MS limitation it seems)
IMPROVEMENT: Default PIP Control set to Double Tier PIPs from Triple Tier. (Allows easier use for new Players. Change to Triple Tier via User Prefs)
IMPROVEMENT: Updated Script Load Printout to include new user preferences.

FIXED: Updated VA Toggle Default Mapping Key from ALT+V to ALT+F2 & added some missing mappings in Camera Suite.
FIXED: Throttle Precision Mode preventing Boost when enabled.

CODE CLEANUP: Added define values for Forward/Back Thrust & Galaxy Map (although not mapped currently in script).
CODE CLEANUP: Numerous other minor comment updates, alignments, missed mappings in bindings file, typos etc (of little significance).

GUIDE UPDATE: Added User Preferences section to help explain in more detail what each variable can do.
GUIDE UPDATE: Refreshed all Reference Maps & other Images to 3.0.0 mappings.


*NOTE FOR VA USERS*: It was noted in the default HCS Voice Pack Key Mappings that the Galaxy Map default keys need to be updated if you wish to use the automatic routing features in the latest packs. I have not mapped this in this release, but if you want to use this feature then update the key bindings in the ED bindings file to include a SHIFT key (ie change Q to SHIFT+Q, or E to SHIFT+E).

Fly Safe CMDRs!